Hello, welcome to the love files.  
A complete archives of all the harmful actions Love Jones has done.  
First, let’s start off with: this archived and the programmer behind it have created this website for documentary purposes.  
Everything here is alleged, unless proven by a legal figure such as the Virginia general district court or US federal court.  
Secondly, we are not responsible for any harm caused by this archive.  
This is meant to be for documentary purposes as to finally bring a light on what this person has done we cannot control what you or another person does with it.  
Third in the event of the incident that indirectly or directly relates to this, we will not be legally responsible for this incident as we are just the messenger.  
We also shall not be guilt baited into the courtroom any attempts to do so will result in immediate dismissal.  
Lastly, of all legal stuff if for any reason we receive an order from the Newport Police Department or state and federal for use we will comply.  
Let’s go into the purpose of this archive.  
First, this was made after a overwhelming amount of evidence was being spread around about Love Jones however, there was no collective place to see all this evidence, and a lot of people were missing parts of the story, resulting in rumors therefore this was created as a central place to find anything you want to know about this individual.  
We also include a submission button if you see something missing, you are encouraged to send in the missing piece of information and the website admins will review it and add it to the appropriate section.  
Before we wrap up this document, I would like to state that everything here while we cannot confirm it is true.  
We can confirm that it is all untampered if it was submitted.  
Can you trust us with that statement?  
No, you can’t trust anyone unless you see it with your own very eyes.  
So possibly in a later update we will add cryptographic signing.  
Thank you for reading my document and remember to use this responsibly!
:3 - Webmaster
